REQ-ID: NFR006
Description: The process of retrieving a memberís membership information should be simple.
Type: Non-functional ñ ease of use (11a)
Rationale: Accessing membership information is a core functionality that will likely be carried out frequently; it should not be a complex procedure.
Fit Criterion: 99% of staff should be able to access a member's information in under 30 seconds.
Originator: Jen Truby
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.

[JT] I have specified 3 mouse clicks because this is such a core functionality, many more would likely result in frustration from staff at having to navigate some complex set of menus/options.

[AS] Just for added clarification, would this be 3 mouse clicks after searching for a member’s name? Or prior to searching for their name? Or would this be without searching but navigating to their details from a lookup function.

[BH] I second AS's question. This is interesting and I can completely see what you've tried to do with the fit criterion. Consider two scenarios later in the dev process that might reduce the effectiveness of your fit criterion: 1. The product has a way of getting to the membership information in 3 clicks but the click areas are mislabelled or obtusely labelled. This passes your fit criterion but clearly breaks your NFR, perhaps it'd be better to focus on how long it takes an average adminstrator to do after they've used the system for an hour or two? 2. A UI where clicks are few/I have to type a lot. I think in defining clicks you've been quite specific (which is good for measurement) but you've also been prescriptive (at least in implication) of that the interface should be clicked around. If I were the developer doing the interface I'd have 'm' as a shortcut to search for members then a dialog box pops up with the cursor already focussed where I type the name which then autcompletes and I either use my cursor to go up or down first or simply hit enter. Now this is super fast, but totally obtuse if you don't know about the 'm' hotkey and also if I built this the specificity of your 'clicks' fit criterion is moot in testing usability. So in summary clicks is perhaps too specific an interaction type count and few clicks does not necessarily mean simple to use. PS I think the type should be a number rather than the text (based on the examples in MRP p.368-9)

[KK] My objection lies more on the "trained staff" side than on the number of clicks. Given the standard and simlpe nature of the process and what you also mention in the rationale, I believe that "trained staff" could be considered an exaggeration for such a task. In my opinion a modern UI should be quite self-explanatory in this case. As for the mouse clicks, from my point of view it is an acceptable type of measurement.

[JT] My original attempt was to determine this in terms of keystrokes, but I couldn't find a precise way of writing that while allowing for the user to be typing in a member's name - which could be of a various length. Perhaps a time-based fit criterion would be better - I have made this change. 